# Vitri

Cornell hackathon project Fall 2024 (2025 season)

## Table of Contents

- [Project Description](#project-description)
- [Minimum Viable Product](#minimum-viable-product)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)

## Project Description

Vitri is a lifestyle application developed during the Cornell hackathon. It allows users to save and organize locations they want to visit, tag them by type, add notes, and mark them as visited. The app aims to provide a minimalist design and seamless user experience.

## Minimum Viable Product

### Functionality

- [x] Ability to point to a location on the map and save it as a place to visit
- [x] Ability to tag favorite locations by their type (e.g., restaurant, museum, library, attraction, cafe, etc.)
- [x] Optionally add a note manually or use AI
  - [ ] AI: Provide questions/prompts/fill-in-the-blanks for user input
  - [ ] AI: Generate a neat summary/note of the saved location from user input
- [ ] Ability to mark a saved location as visited with a simple 1-tap button
- [x] Display saved locations as pins on the map
- [ ] Differentiate visited locations on the map (e.g., color, icon) from unvisited locations
- [x] Sort saved locations by distance from the user’s current location (disable if location permissions are denied)
- [ ] Ability to set dates on saved locations (default to current date, allow setting past dates)

### Organization

- [x] Store saved locations locally with cloud storage for backups (~~Pinata~~ or MongoDB)
- [ ] Organize saved locations into folders called Collections
- [ ] Ability to share saved locations or a collection with others via a link (no cloud integration needed)

### Design

- [x] Minimalist design

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/mindcat/bigredhacks.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd bigredhacks
   ```
3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

## Usage

1. Start the application:
   ```bash
   npm run start
   ```
2. Follow the instructions generated by Expo Go to open the application on your personal iOS or Android device. Note: Vitri is not available on browsers.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Contact

For any questions or suggestions, please create an issue with your concern.
